December review (#162)
hassanobeid1994/tr_b_causal_2020: article/sections/_8_discussion.tex

Perhaps most obviously, after creating and testing a causal graph, we will use it to estimate the effects of our interventions.
To compute our effect estimates, we will need to evaluate statements such as the probability of a particular node taking a given value, conditional on the values of that node's parents.
These probabilities will come from our estimated models, so model estimation is critically important to our effect estimation.
Thankfully, this is the part of causal inference that choice \textit{modellers} are most familiar with.
For instance, \citet{kostic_2020_uncovering} first use the PC and GES causal discovery algorithms to generate a causal graph, then they test the graph qualitatively, and finally they estimate models corresponding to this causal graph.
As another example, \citet{garrido_2020_estimating} start from where we end: at a known (or selected) causal graph.
They then use neural network density estimators to model the necessary probabilities for estimating one's causal effects of interest.

Next, after estimating the models for our causal graph but before interpreting or using our results, we should check our entire system of models.

> Here, there are multiple, non-competing ways of performing these diagnostics.

Author: ```suggestion
Here, there are multiple, complementary ways of performing these diagnostics.
```

Author: See edits in #166.
